From today on
You and I are not who we used to be
Legally speaking
You are my mom
But morally speaking
I am your brother
The parent who does all the housework
You
Are just a
Student who only thinks about exams
These here
Are the things you need to do next
I'll check on you randomly
Chinese, Math, English
Politics, History, Geography
No favoring any subject
I'm a science student
Good
You check this list
Sweeping, mopping, once a day
Laundry, cleaning the toilet
At least once every three days
Deep cleaning, once a week
Three meals a day must be nutritious
And no overspending
Also
The little brats on my balcony
Not a single one can die
I will check them every day
Before I get into college
We two will live on these savings
If you act like before again
Okay, okay, stop nagging
You're really acting the part
Take it. Put it away
You're really... like a TV drama
Watch less TV dramas
You should focus on your studies
I'm going to sleep. You sleep early too
Wait
Handing the family finances to Xiaocan
Is it really okay?
Xiaocan
Are you asleep?
Mom thought about it
About that card, Mom thinks it's better to
Trust my son
Such a big thing like treating the illness
He handled it pretty well
My son has grown up
He can be the pillar of the family
No
That little brat lied to me about Belgium
If I leave it alone
He'll cause even bigger trouble
Absolutely not
He lied to me
That was because he was afraid I wouldn't agree
But I can't let my son support me
If word gets out
What kind of mom would I be?
Xiaocan said
After improving my education
I can earn a lot more money a month
I can't just, now that I have a chance to restart
Settle for earning three thousand a month
Study
I still have to study
Although I managed to bluff my way through last time
right now, the family
doesn't have any savings left at all
Plus this month's living expenses
and the money needed for Mom's studies
If I continue to go to school
how am I supposed to support this family?
Mom
it's the first day of school today
Time to get up, up
I knew you wouldn't be able to get up
That was close, that was close
And you call yourself a parent acting like this
Sit down and eat, quickly
Leave as soon as you're done
Tomorrow I... I'll set ten alarms
I'll definitely get up on time
I was careless today
It won't happen again, sorry
Hurry up, you're going to be late
Slow down
Can you make it? Hurry up
We'll make it
Lift those legs up
Run, run!
This time it's really not a dream
Enjoy it properly
Go to school properly
Don't you have classes?
Why are you still here?
You should hurry and go
Don't get confused about who's the boss again
Which one of us is the parent right now?
Fine, fine, fine, you're the parent
Hurry up and go, hurry and go
Behave yourself, listen to the teacher
Study hard
Don't think about anything unrelated to studying
I know, hurry up and go, go
No puppy love
Students
What you see is our Joy of Learning School
This is a school with a long history
and a strong faculty
with many modern teaching facilities
In a little while
what we're going to show everyone is
our main teaching building
It can accommodate fifty classrooms
Wei Mingtian
There is also good news
which is that today we have invited
student Wei Mingtian
as a student representative
to say hello to everyone
Student Wei Mingtian's expression
is still very expressive
Wow, so impressive
Hello, teacher
It's her
It's time for class now
We're still livestreaming here
Won't they delay the class like this?
Then I'll go to class first
Goodbye, teacher
Goodbye, student
We'll try our best to guarantee his attendance, okay?
That's right, that's right
You go about your business
Good luck
See you later
Brother Maizi
When can I go to class?
It seems there's an exam in a bit
Why are you still here?
Hurry, hurry
Hurry and go change your clothes
Take the exam as soon as class is over
You have to work after the exam
Don't catch a cold, you kid
Hello, Old Zhang
Tell President Li
that we'll definitely attend the commercial performance
Don't worry, we can make time
This kid just came from the countryside
You... you let him attend school for a few days
It's no problem
He's just a kid, once he's made a few thousand
he won't have the heart to study anymore
Don't worry
Are you done changing?
It's Wei Mingtian
He looks even more handsome up close
He's in the same class as us
He's in the same class as us?
It's her again
Her grades must be really good, right?
Hello, students.
Let me introduce myself to everyone.
I am the head teacher for this training class.
My name is Cheng Lexian.
For the next year,
I will be spending it with all of you.
Today is the first class.
We won't start the lesson just yet.
We'll do a placement test.
Teacher,
can I take a leave of absence?
A leave of absence can only be processed in the first week of the semester.
Besides,
you've been skipping class for so long already.
Yes,
but my mom got sick really suddenly.
I don't know how she got pancreatic cancer.
Could you please make an exception?
Sure.
Why not?
It's understandable.
I'll handle this for you.
Thank you, Teacher.
Then... go... go ahead.
Okay.
Kong Xiaocan.
Is Auntie feeling any better?
Have you calmed down?
So,
what are you actually thinking?
This necklace,
cost over two thousand back then, right?
I remember this pair of shoes was fifteen hundred.
That's enough to feed the family for a month.
Kong Xiaocan.
What are you thinking about?
Xu... Xu Rui.
Well,
is it possible that...
when the two of us...
were dating...
the money I spent back then, could you slightly...
a little...
It doesn't have to be money.
Like, for instance, the necklace,
I wonder if you still have the receipt.
Bro
Are you crazy?
She could definitely toss me three meters.
Oh my god, this...
About this...
That was really uncool of you.
Dating is about mutual affection.
There's no rule that says once you break up,
you ask for the money back.
I know, I know.
It's just that back then, my brain...
...just went blank.
I'll be honest with you.
Right now, our family has, at most,
only a thousand yuan.
Does... does Godmother know?
I haven't told anyone.
No one knows.
I spent it all treating my mom.
Now I still have to support my...
cousin.
If I had any other way, I...
A thousand, a thousand.
Don't worry.
I won't let you and cousin suffer.
My red envelope money growing up...
...is all saved with my parents.
They always said,
they'd give it to me when I came of age.
By my calculations,
it should be close to a hundred grand.
Just wait.
Your buddy is about to get rich overnight.
I'll take care of you.
Bro.
If you really have the money,
consider it a loan from me.
I'll definitely pay you back.
Hello? Mom.
I need to tell you something.
I really need my red envelope money right now.
It's gone?
What?
Where's my money?
Where's my 83,650?
What do you mean it went to Grandma's new house?
Wait.
How could you use my money?
From a philosophical perspective,
when an apple falls from a tree,
it no longer belongs to the tree,
but belongs to the earth.
By the same logic,
when you give your money away,
it is no longer your money,
but belongs to the person who received it.
Mom...
Can't rely on my bro.
Better just find a steady job.
Base salary is four thousand a month.
Food delivery.
Running around like that is too tiring.
Is there a job where I can just stand still?
Handing out flyers at a fixed spot.
Maybe that could work.
No way, I'd definitely get heat rash.
No.
I need to find a job in the shade.
Sell beef pies like Aunt Zhang?
With my zero cooking skills,
I'd better forget it.
Plus, selling snacks requires a permit.
And upfront costs. I don't have money.
Hiring fitness coaches.
Paid daily.
Hello, handsome.
Hello, hello.
Hello.
Is this your first time at our gym?
Yes.
Our gym here...
...has a constant temperature and humidity fresh air system.
And our coaches...
...are extremely professional.
Okay, I wanted to...
Look, they all specialize in specific areas.
She teaches Pilates.
She teaches Yoga.
She teaches Kettlebells.
They're all you.
Sometimes I do get a bit overwhelmed.
No, I'd like to speak to your manager.
That would be yours truly.
That's also you.
So you've come to the right person today.
I can even give you an extra discount.
Take a look around.
I wanted to...
Handsome, here, have some water.
No, no need, really.
Have some water. Don't be polite. Why be polite?
I... I wanted to ask about the salary here.
It's just...
You're here to apply for a job?
Yes.
Mainly because you're too busy here.
The test results have been graded.
The grades are a complete mess.
You are the worst batch I've ever taught.
That saying...
...from my homeroom teacher when I was little...
...to every one of Kong Xiaocan's teachers...
...they say it every year.
All students...
...pack up your things.
Stand at the very back.
We're going to arrange the seating today.
Such a handsome guy.
I really want to sit next to him.
Me too.
The students whose names I call next...
...come to the front to get your test paper.
Dong Xuefan.
You did well.
You got first place.
Here, you sit right here.
Li Yinling.
Here, take your paper. Sit over there.
Gao Nan.
Kong Guifang, Wei Mingtian.
You two sit right here
Right under my nose
Sitting in the front is good
You can hear clearly from the front
You usually have to score high to sit here
Isn't this a dream come true?
You two can still smile?
One is dead last, the other is second to last
Class, regarding our seating arrangements
They aren't fixed
We'll rotate every week
But you two stay put
You sit right here under my nose
Teacher
Who's dead last, me or her?
Now you're getting competitive?
You two are neck and neck
Alright, let me explain the questions
Look at the first page of the exam
First big question, part one
Do you want to work here?
Can I?
Of course I do. Yes
Do you know how to chat?
Let me teach you
Why do people walk into a gym?
Because of fear
They ate too much, they fear getting fat
Everyone pursues beauty
So they walk into the gym
Wanting to become a better version of themselves
So, what about our fitness coaches?
We must provide enough emotional value
Make them believe
That they can become that better self
Right
So what kind of art is fitness?
Is it...
Physical?
It's an art of language
As the saying goes
As long as the coach praises well
You won't be short of students
For example
"Your muscle engagement is getting better!"
"Keep your shoulders down, shoulders down"
"Look, isn't that jawline popping out?"
"And that swan neck!"
Really? Sis, don't say that...
"You're like a whole new person these past few days"
Isn't that lying with your eyes wide open?
Also
Fitness requires perseverance
You must remember to tell the students
Don't buy per-visit passes. Monthly passes are useless
And a waste of money
Encourage them to get a quarterly pass
A six-month pass, an annual pass
You have to tell the student
"You're just one step away from being a goddess"
"In six months, you'll be Pamela"
"In a year, you'll be a Kardashian"
Just like that
"If you keep training like this..."
"In six months, you'll be Pamela"
"In a year, you'll be the Chinese Kardashian"
Really?
Then I'll renew for another year
Good
The last point is very important
You can't let students reach their goals too fast
If they all end up like me
And become coaches
Who will buy lessons?
You have to make the journey from start to finish
A constant cycle of hesitation
Drag out the process
You have to tell them
"Just one more rep"
"Don't get too tired"
"We need to balance work and rest"
"Look how great your form is today"
Renew the card
Okay
Do you get it?
Got it, Sis
But
My physique really isn't much...
Doesn't matter
I'll have him teach you later
Two days of training and you'll get it
But
Sorry, I probably...
Sis, isn't this just a scam?
Your pay for today
Can I start?
Sis, tell me those points again
I'll take some notes
It's not broken.
Help yourself.
Need help?
You have to remember at all times,
you have a celebrity persona now.
Maintain the persona.
I'm not carrying it upstairs.
I'm taking it downstairs to throw away.
Isn't that even easier?
I'll help you.
You're welcome.
Mom.
Wash your hands. Time to eat.
Eat? What's with the act?
Oh my god.
Are you going to school or the gym?
Training your back?
Packing so much stuff.
Let me, let me, let me.
Wait a second.
Aren't these all my error notebooks?
These... these are from when you were in school...
My twelve years of accumulation.
Schools provide them now. Why take these...
Wait.
My dear mother.
Do you feel that...
studying...
is a bit stressful?
Found out studying isn't that simple?
That you can't keep up?
Not at all.
It's pretty simple.
Is it?
You had an exam, right?
How was it?
Pretty good.
Really?
Then let me see the paper.
What's the score?
Pretty good? I'll sign it for you.
If you did well, I have to sign it.
I'm the parent.
Let's eat, let's eat. I'm hungry.
You know studying is hard now.
Ordering takeout again.
I'm telling you.
Starting tomorrow, we have to cook.
No more takeout.
It's all junk food.
It's expensive and we can't finish it.
Such a waste.
Today is different.
Today is special. Let's celebrate.
I found a part-time job.
Part-time job?
What kind of job?
How much does it pay? What do you do?
Don't worry about it.
Anyway...
take this and splurge.
You just study hard.
Make progress every day.
Don't worry about anything else.
A job is a job.
Studying is the priority.
Studying comes first.
For you right now, studying is the most important thing.
I'm the parent. You're the cousin now.
Who are you calling cousin?
You... you...
Mom, you're getting more and more childish.
Take these old bad habits of yours...
rein them in and change them.
Think about what your identity is now, right?
You have no respect for elders.
I'm going to check your paper.
Let's look at the first question on the test paper
You chose A for this one too
I also chose A
The answer must be A
I calculated it three times
It's definitely A
The answer to question one is B
I shouldn't have to explain such a simple point
Do a few more
Watch your breathing
Coach, come here
Coming
Exhale
Engage your glutes
Question two is A
I chose C for this one
It's okay
One of us has to be right
Question two is actually B
Anyone with a brain should know this
I won't explain this one, moving on
Do you know how to use the washing machine
Don't break it
I don't know how
Breathe
Lower your center of gravity
One more
Help me
Keep breathing
Use your core
Control your arms
Okay
I can't hold on much longer
You must persist, it's the last set
Here, let me help you
No, I can't do it, help me, help me
Lift it up, no
Lift... I can't lift it
Don't, don't, don't
Mom
There's something wrong with this egg
There's a problem with the pot
What is this
I don't know
Is it the pot or the egg that's the problem
You've burnt it all
Don't eat it then, you might get poisoned
I'll make you some instant noodles
Or order takeout
I'm running late
I'm not eating, I'm not eating
I haven't even shown my skills yet
It's too late
Remember to clean up the kitchen
I think it's definitely the egg's fault
Going, going, going
Remember to eat something yourself
Clothes, clothes
You're pretty happy not doing housework
Yeah, pretty happy
Right
Going, going, going
Wait a second
Trash, trash
You don't notice chores at all now
Wait, why throw this away
I can still wear this
I can wear it again
What did the ground rules say
How old are you now
What kind of clothes are you wearing
I'm nipping this in the bud
You're not allowed to wear it again, go, go
You're a really grumpy parent
Remember to eat something on the way
Watch your health, be good
How could it burn
Sister Xiong
Didn't we say the wages were...
What about it?
Paid daily?
Kong Xiaocan
What did I hire you to do?
I'm training seriously.
You're serious? Do I need you to train?
Didn't I say at the beginning...
I said, what do we give the clients?
An uplift in emotional value.
It's all about companionship.
I accompanied... I did.
I've been watching you these past two days.
A male client...
He was training over there.
And you choked him.
And another male client...
He was running fine on the treadmill.
You flung him off.
That was the same person.
Oh my god, that guy...
That guy is so miserable.
Finally, we got a female client.
Pretty good.
She got a bit tired from training here.
Looking for a shoulder.
It was your time to shine.
You should've offered your shoulder.
You should've moved it up there.
Why did you dodge?
You threw her right into the mirror.
You smashed my mirror to pieces.
Enough, stop wandering around in this room.
You've scared away all my clients.
Hurry up. How about this, go downstairs and hand out flyers.
Get some new clients. Go.
What are you doing?
This isn't your lane.
This...
...is your lane.
Pay attention.
Your eyes need to be seductive.
Seductive.
Keep that smile on.
Put away those pitiful biceps.
There's nothing there.
Handsome, want a fish?
Is this sea bass?
Yes.
How much is it?
Twenty-five a jin.
That's too expensive, forget it.
You're a student.
Eating fish is good for the brain.
Look how fresh this fish is.
Then... then I'll take one.
How about a big one?
No, no, a small one. It's for one person.
A big guy like you can't finish one fish?
Big... big guys don't deserve to eat it.
It's for a little girl, a small one is fine.
Alright, alright.
I'll clean it up nicely for you.
Xiaocan, you eat first.
Finish the fish yourself.
Studying uses the brain, you need the nutrition.
Mom had rice noodles with Aunt Niu this afternoon.
Mom isn't hungry.
Why has it been so many days...
...and there's no progress at all?
This can still be used.
Is this guy a pervert?
A stalker.
Isn't that...
Screw you!
Xiaocan, what's wrong with him?
Stalking you! He's a pervert!
Stalking me?
Beat him!
Have you no shame?
Misunderstanding!
Call the police!
You call the police!
Misunderstanding! Misunderstanding!
Who are you? Stop hitting me!
It's a misunderstanding! Misunderstanding!
Call the police!
Gui Fang, stop hitting! Who is this?
Who is it?
It's me, Gui Fang.
Wei Mingtian.
Who?
My cram school classmate.
I went to the cram school...
Xiaocan, Xiaocan.
He really is my cram school classmate.
Then why did he follow you home?
Isn't that still stalking?
Yeah!
Why did you follow me home?
I...
I live right here.
Bullshit.
Is there really such a coincidence?
It... it really is a coincidence.
Look, this really is my home.
It... it really is.
Come in, come in. Don't stand at the door.
What a coincidence.
Should we take off...
Probably not necessary.
Your place is quite...
Quite...
Simple.
Quite desolate.
I think...
This is already very nice.
Yeah, quite austere.
I'm really sorry about earlier.
Right, right. I was also... I was also a bit...
I didn't know who it was.
I was too heavy-handed.
Really sorry. It's okay, it's okay.
It doesn't matter.
You're really okay?
Didn't we meet in the neighborhood last time?
You... you wanted to bring it back?
And I helped you take it down.
How did you... just pick it back up?
Right, right. That's the one.
Actually, I wanted to retrieve it that day.
Then I actually made things worse.
I even gave it a kick back then.
I'm sorry.
Is this you?
This... me...
Isn't this our home?
This... I...
Is this classmate of yours seriously a bit...
Is this yours?
What do you mean?
No, this...
I think it's still pretty good.
Wash it and it's still usable.
You think you can wear it or something?
Alter it a bit and it can be an apron.
Or a curtain.
Look, my place is missing one just like this.
No...
Oh my god.
You... give this to me.
Don't waste it.
I'll give you a new one later.
You're so thrifty and domestic.
That's amazing, really amazing.
By the way, come over to our place for a meal later.
Look, your place doesn't really look like
it's set up for cooking.
Eating... forget it, forget it.
We'll pass on the meal.
Brother Maizi will get angry if he finds out.
Doesn't he look familiar to you?
I said he looked familiar. You...
Are you...
- I've been on TV. - The one from Peace No.3 Primary School?
No, sorry.
I thought... my elementary school classmate.
You... you've been on TV?
Yeah.
A star!
I wouldn't call myself a star.
I just appeared on TV, that's all.
As you can see...
Our farmer friends are very enthusiastic.
My home is in a very remote mountain valley.
There was only one school there.
I studied there until junior high.
And didn't go to school after that.
Where do they buy potatoes?
Brother.
Do you know where they buy potatoes?
I'm not sure either.
Ask someone else.
Is the potato collection here?
Where do they buy potatoes?
Brother.
And now...
With the development of technology...
My dad sent me to sell the harvest.
I ran into a bunch of people livestreaming there.
And I ended up on TV.
Do you know where they buy potatoes?
Young man, you're quite handsome.
Let me interview you. Come here, come.
Are you also a farmer participating in our
public welfare support program this time?
Look at our camera and speak.
Can you share with our audience
what agricultural products you brought?
I brought my family's potatoes.
So what's special about your family's potatoes?
My family's potatoes have red skin.
You've never eaten such delicious potatoes.
The smaller they are, the tastier.
Milky flavor.
Dogs eat them and won't even eat poop.
Young man, you're very humorous, very humorous.
You make me want to eat them.
I'll get you two to taste.
No need, no need.
Potatoes, potatoes
Our family's potatoes
Are su-su-super tender
Dogs eat 'em and won't even eat shit
Young man, you're very humorous
Yes
May I ask what you brought
To share with everyone
I am a little puppy
Little puppy
Where do they buy potatoes?
I am a little puppy
A special little puppy
A rustic little puppy
Dogs eat 'em and won't even eat shit
Won't even eat shit
Little puppy
I am a little puppy
Young man, you're very humorous
Won't even eat shit
Even I want to eat them
I'll get you two to try
No need, no need
And then it seems like
I got famous
You don't need to be nervous.
Brother Maizi isn't here either.
Just make yourself at home here.
A big star like you...
You surely make a lot of money.
Why do you live in our old neighborhood?
No, no.
I'm not a star.
Well, I guess I sort of am.
Anyway, it's just Brother Maizi...
I do whatever he tells me to do.
You're too modest.
I'm so happy to be neighbors with a star.
I never would have imagined it. And...
You're not like those stars on TV. So...
Those ones are so pretentious.
I hear they all act like divas.
Can't act well and can't sing either.
But you... you look really nice.
Not like the others.
Do... do you want to go to college too?
Yes.
My biggest dream is...
To get into college.
Me too.
Comrade-in-arms.
Good comrade-in-arms.
You guys chat. I'll go cook.
No matter what you do, you have to study hard.
But studying is just too hard.
Gui Fang.
Did you understand the questions you got wrong today?
I understood.
Wait until I finish cooking.
I'll explain them to you in a bit.
Thanks, Gui Fang.
Do you...
Have a girlfriend?
You probably can't say.
Kong Xiaocan, look.
Do you even know how to shop?
You bought such a small one.
How are we supposed to eat this?
I didn't know that.
I originally bought it for just one person.
For one person?
I'm not eating?
Sometimes when you talk, you really... you don't...
Don't be disrespectful to me.
Who are you calling disrespectful?
God, you tell us.
Who looks older, me or my cousin?
Young...
Brother Xiaocan does... seem a bit old-looking.
Hurry up and go cook, Cousin.
I need to chat with the star.
Their professional skills...
I really don't like them.
You must really...
Xiaocan.
Kong Xiaocan, open the door!
Open the door!
Why are you here?
To deliver hairy crabs.
Is your cousin home?
Cousin!
She's not here, not here, not here.
Cousin! Go, go, go.
Leave the hairy crabs, you get out.
That's no way to treat a guest.
Cousin!
Do you like hairy crabs?
Stop calling me Cousin.
It's really awkward.
How about...
I'll call you Fangfang.
Then just call her cousin.
Whatever you say.
Here, Cousin, let me help you.
No need, no need, no need.
You just go sit outside.
I'll do it myself.
Living together with Xiaocan...
must be really hard on you.
He...
was spoiled rotten by my Godmother.
He can't do anything.
Things like cooking,
Cousin has to do it herself.
Let me help you.
No need, really.
You... you go outside.
I don't need your help.
How can I do that?
Go, get out right now.
I'll just wash this for you.
This really doesn't need washing.
I'll do it, I'll do it.
Out, out, out, get out.
I'm helping out here.
You're lucky we're letting you eat here.
Can you stop being a nuisance here?
This...
Let me introduce you.
This is...
Does he look familiar?
That...
The one from Peace No.3 Primary School.
No.
He is actually...
Think about it yourself.
This is... what's-his-name.
It doesn't matter.
I'll introduce myself.
Hello.
I'm his most important friend.
My name is Li Wai.
Wei Mingtian.
Although not as handsome as me,
he looks decent enough.
Could he be a love rival?
Why does he keep staring at me?
It's just too weird.
Is there something wrong with his brain?
Mom.
That kid Li Wai,
seems like he wants to be my stepdad.
What nonsense are you talking about?
I watched him grow up.
You need to remember that yourself.
Don't ruin my reputation in my old age,
and make things awkward for me.
Are you done yet?
Behave yourself.
Bring me the steamer.
Open it.
You should head back early.
Your mom must be waiting anxiously.
I'll bring some good food again tomorrow.
Thanks for your hospitality.
We'll get going then.
Okay.
Go, go, go.
Text me when you get home.
Okay. Bye-bye. Get some rest.
Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.
Let's go.
Bye, Brother Li Wai.
Bye-bye.
Let's say bye downstairs. Let's go.
I'm leaving now.
Going home first.
Let's go, home.
You live here?
Yeah, I live right here.
Mingtian.
Didn't we say we'd review those wrong answers?
Remember to come over in a bit.
Then I'll find you in a bit.
Okay.
Wait,
you haven't left yet?
Text me when you get home.
Okay, hurry back.
Um...
Bro.
Cousin is too dangerous right now.
For her safety and my future happiness,
I'm staying at your place today.
It's more dangerous for you here. Go back.
No, no, no.
Get lost.
Bro.
I want to ask you one last question.
Is there any place for rent nearby?
There are places for sale.
Go on. Go back.
Give it up. Give up.
Go, go, go.
Come back.
I knew you'd take me in.
The trash. Thanks.
You took a leave of absence?